if you need to print your pivot table,
Where you need to do is to select your whole pivot table by selecting a cell inside your
pivot table and then going to the analyze tab on the ribbon and then under the select
option.
Here you click entire pivot table.
You got to select the entire pivot table,
and then you go to the page layout tab under the ribbon here,
and then you select your print area.
So you click on print area and then set print area,
and now you're print area is set to be the pivot table.
And now,
if you go to file and then print and consider that our pivot table is set to be printed
here.
So if you press print,
your printer should print your pivot table.
If you need to separate your pivot table into multiple pages,
what you need to do is to select the road that you need to have a separation on.
So in our case here,
it's gonna be girl having the year 2017 for example.
So we want 2016 to be on a page and then 2017 to be on the following page.
So I'm going to select the road here for 2017 and then under the page layout top here,
we're going to select breaks and an insert page break sickens.
Here there is ah ah,
line that's been inserted.
Here it's This is a page break,
and this will break your printing area.
And now you've got to select your pivot table again and go to the anal.
I stub on the ribbon and then select entire pivot table,
and then you gotta go again to the print command.
You can either do it through the file menu as well done before you compress control and P
on your keyboard.
As you can see here now,
2016 is going to be a printed on the first page on.
Then,
if we scroll to the next page,
you can see here we get 2017.
It's gonna be printed on the following page.
So this is how you can print your pivot table and how you can also separate you pivot table
or split it into multiple pages.
If you have more years,
for example,
you can insert multiple page breaks